[Music]
let's talk a little bit about hi and
make money and how in doesn't remember
this video he rapidly leveled out past
our characters and then by the second
night he was like a 10-game content okay
so that was the body interview that I
did a couple weeks ago now we're gonna
find out exactly how much money I've
made on it today right now has a one
hundred sixty seven thousand views
according to my YouTube analytics out it
is over it's like thirty minutes long
YouTube loves long videos right now
especially over ten minutes and by the
way I put an ad into the middle of it
maybe two I forget either way an extra
ads in it so this video should be prime
to make really good money I've made as
of right now two hundred and sixty four
dollars and seventy nine cents and now
we're gonna look at another video that I
recently made that you guys really liked
that I think I I actually really like it
as well holistically
[Music]
so there's actually the
behind-the-scenes video that I produced
several different weeks ago with Broden
you guys really liked that video it was
one of the more interesting videos that
I've done the past couple months and one
of my favorites let's find out how much
it made so actually that video was over
ten minutes so we're still in the happy
spot for YouTube ad revenue they got 66
thousand views which is not stellar it's
about a third of what the body interview
did and right now it is sitting at
ninety dollars and 99 cents well you
know screenshot it right now so we can
show that on the screen for you what
does this all mean why am I telling you
this especially because people don't
tend to like to talk about personal
finances especially in the u.s. I on
this channel and my other content and on
Twitter constantly advocating for
transparency and eSports I'm talking
frequently about how sponsorships should
be public well I think salaries should
be public for players how everything
should be more out there so that
everybody kind of understands the
economics of content and eSports is
probably good for me to start to bring a
little bit more transparency to this
channel myself a lot of people have been
asking me in some situations making
assumptions about how I am doing since I
decided to stay independent and because
you guys have a stake in my independence
and my decision not to go to a full-time
company or accept a full-time job figure
it's time to sort of sail with you guys
and talk a little bit about this stuff
I'll explain to you guys I'll explain to
you what went into the body so when the
day finally came to do this interview
Broadmeadow v my place we filmed a
little bit then we met up with Bonnie I
bought the Starbucks I'm not even
including that in this if spine but then
we went over to my buddy Luke's place
and we filmed on his rooftop because we
didn't have to pay for our location
shoot we don't have a studio
we saw two cameras on so if you notice
there's one shot of Bonnie and there's
second shot of Bonnie
so the color is different they look
different we brought it into the edit I
actually had a different friend edit
that complication there was that the
color on the two cameras not the same
and so that extended the other a little
bit anyway the point is is that while
that video made 260 bucks on YouTube
it's not sponsored there was no other
way to make money off of it and because
I paid my editors a fair wage and
because there was pre-production
shooting and other stuff involved that
all cost money the behind the scenes
video is an even crazier story because
that one right now we're at about 90
bucks on it my brother and I have
planned out the shots that we wanted to
take for the whole intro sequence and
then we he came over that morning we
shot a bunch of the stuff went to LCS
shot there then Bruna brought into the
Edit and we shot so much footage that it
actually took quite a bit to like bring
this all in you know that it was several
days of edit and again I pay Broden more
than $60 for sort of $90 for a couple
days of work which is your that's
probably fair bread and you're happy
with that right okay yeah so he would
like to get paid more than $90 for a
couple days of work and I you know my
time cost money as well
definitely lost money on the behind the
scenes video now let's talk about gear a
little bit because a lot of people don't
even think about the fact that I had to
use a bunch of gear to shoot both of
these actually I will here so here's all
the gear that we use for that Bonnie
interview thank you the people that
bought some of this for us off the
Amazon wish list we definitely use it
a 35-millimeter lens a 19 millimeter
lens to law of mics we only have one way
out of borrow one from Luke an audio
adapter so we can get the audio in via
two XLR cables a shotgun microphone a
small tripod a big tripod two SD cards a
pair of nice headphones
thank you omen the a 6300 camera that we
use for the to shot and the a7 r3 that
we
are using to shoot this and all that
goes into this backpack shout-out to
meta threads I tweet about this backpack
a couple weeks ago they sent it to me
this is their level three backpack not a
sponsored video I just want to say thank
you to them because that's where all
that secure kills so if I'm losing money
on those videos where am I actually
making money how does this work
well there's a couple different answers
that one is the LCS interviews the LCS
interviews cost very very little produce
and I can make a ton of them over the
course the weekend they're also some of
my most popular content so they tend to
do well so because that I can actually
maybe maybe break even on the Adsense
and then I've got a great awesome
sponsor right now on these slash who
helps cover the cost and pay me a little
bit as a sponsorship additionally I also
have things like hotline lead and
thankfully almond sponsor sides as well
so mark and I can actually get paid then
there's also things like twitch subs and
patreon and a couple different areas and
so it's okay that occasionally I make
one of these really expensive relatively
videos because I like it you guys like
it and it ends up working out or okay
because there's all these other things
that end up actually breaking even and
the whole point of this video is to
really talk about you because you are
the reason that I have decided to stay
independent to network for a big media
company whenever I came back the world's
I really saw the support that you guys
were giving me that makes several other
sponsors did as well like omen for
instance and saw that you guys are
passionate about this stuff and they
decided to support me and that is all
because of you
so whenever you guys are buying
something off the wish list you are
hitting a patreon you're supporting me
with a sub on twitch or you're helping
me in a non directly financial situation
like hitting a giveaway that I'm doing
with a sponsor or tweeting a sponsor
saying you think it you like the video
subscribe to the channel sharing the
content all that stuff really really
helps and this is a joint venture you
know I am NOT working at a big meeting
company instead we're all working
together to
make this video in this channel and
everything else that goes on at work you
know
Rodan how you didn't brother Broden gets
paid in part because of the support that
you guys give the channel I can afford
to live okay I have a three-bedroom
three-bath that I share with two dudes
in los angeles it's kind of expensive
but i can afford to do that because of
you so again thank you so much for all
the support hopefully this has been
informative now you know how I'm making
money how this all works and again I
still think this is a pretty big
experiment we're gonna see a 20-18 goes
and hopefully I don't lose my hat in the
process but that is why it's kind of
hard to make some of those bigger videos
thank you so much for your support and
thanks for watching